-----------------------------
-----------------------------



     COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF PHILADELPHIA
               STATED MEETING
             Room 400, City Hall
             Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
             Thursday, September 25, 2014
             10:40 a.m.
PRESENT:
COUNCIL PRESIDENT DARRELL L. CLARKE
COUNCILWOMAN CINDY BASS
COUNCILWOMAN JANNIE BLACKWELL
COUNCILMAN W. WILSON GOODE, JR.
COUNCILMAN WILLIAM K. GREENLEE
COUNCILMAN BOBBY HENON
COUNCILMAN KENYATTA JOHNSON
COUNCILMAN CURTIS JONES, JR.
COUNCILMAN JAMES KENNEY
COUNCILMAN ED NEILSON
COUNCILMAN DENNIS O'BRIEN
COUNCILMAN DAVID OH
COUNCILMAN BRIAN J. O'NEILL
COUNCILWOMAN MARIA D. QUINONES-SANCHEZ
COUNCILWOMAN BLONDELL REYNOLDS BROWN
COUNCILMAN MARK SQUILLA
MICHAEL A. DECKER, CHIEF CLERK
             - - -




         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  Good
morning, everyone.
         (Good morning.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
hour has come.  We have a quorum.  I'd
ask that all guests and visitors please
retire behind the rail.  The members have
taken their seat.  We're going to come to
order.
         To give our invocation this
morning, the Chair recognizes Father John
Babowitch of Our Lady of Calvary Catholic
Church.  He is here today as the guest of
Councilman O'Neill.
         I would ask all members and
guests and visitors to please rise.
         (Members and guests rise.)
         FATHER BABOWITCH:  In the name
of the father and of the son and of the
holy spirit.  Amen.
         God is love.  In the desire to
make us share in this love, he sent his
son God into the world to come to our aid
and gentle kindness to help those who are



    9/25/14 - STATED - INVOCATION
weak, sick or unfortunate.  It is great
love for all of us.  Christ said that
whatever you do for the least among us,
you do for him.  He called those who show
mercy blessed of his father and promised
them eternal life.
         Let us pray for the Lord's
blessing on the members of City Council
who are devoted to helping their brothers
and sisters.  And we pray.
         The love of Christ has gathered
us together to one.  Let us rejoice and
be glad in him.  Let us fear and love the
living God, and love each other from the
depths of our heart.  Therefore, when we
are together, let us take heed not to be
divided in mind.  Let there be an end to
bitterness and quarrels, an end to strife
and, in the midst, be Christ our God.
And in the company with the blessed, may
we see your face in glory, Christ our
God, pure and abounding joy, forever and
forever.
         Amen.



    9/25/14 - STATED - INVOCATION
         (Amen.)
         FATHER BABOWITCH:  Let us pray.
         Blessed are you, Lord God of
mercy, who through your son gave us a
marvelous example of charity and the
great commandment of love for one
another.  Send down your blessings on
these, your servants.  Help them to do
the work so beautiful for Philadelphia.
         We ask to bless our Council, to
strengthen them in all their
deliberations.  When they are called on
in times of need, let them faithfully
serve you and their neighbor.
         We ask this through Christ our
Lord.
         Amen.
         (Amen.)
         FATHER BABOWITCH:  And may
almighty God bless you all, the father,
the son, and the holy spirit.
         Amen.
         (Amen.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:



9/25/14 - STATED - APPROVAL OF JOURNAL
Thank you so much, Father.
         (Council at ease.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you very much.  Thank you.  The
next order of business is the approval of
the Journal of the meeting of Thursday,
September 18th, 2014.
         The Chair recognizes Councilman
Greenlee.
         COUNCILMAN GREENLEE:  Thank
you, Mr. President.  I move that the
Journal of the meeting of Thursday,
September 18th, 2014 be approved.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.  It has been moved and
properly seconded that the Journal of the
meeting of Thursday, September 18th, 2014
stand approved.
         All those in favor say aye.
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)



      9/25/14 - STATED - LEAVES
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and the Journal is
approved.
         The next order of business is
requests for leave of absence, and the
Chair recognizes Councilman Jones.
         COUNCILMAN JONES:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  On behalf of the
majority, there is a request for a leave
of absence by Councilwoman Marian Tasco.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.  Leave shall be granted.
         The Chair recognizes Councilman
O'Neill.
         COUNCILMAN O'NEILL:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  On behalf of the
republicans, there are no requests for
leave of absence.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.
         The Chair at this time
recognizes Councilwoman Bass.
         COUNCILWOMAN BASS:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  At this time I request a



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
leave of absence, but voting aye on all
bills and resolutions for today.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.
         COUNCILWOMAN BASS:  Thank you.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.  Leave shall be granted.
Thank you, Councilwoman.  It shall be
noted.
         At this time, I would like to
dispense with the regular order of
business and I would like to thank
everyone who has come down today to
witness their government in action.  We
really appreciate you taking time out of
your day to come down and give us a
visit.  We hope that your experience
today is an extremely pleasurable one, so
much so that you come back again.  Again,
thank you very much.
         At this time, the Chair
recognizes Councilman Jones, who will
present a resolution recognizing the 30th
Anniversary of Philadelphia Minority



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
Business Enterprise Development Week.
Would Angela Dowd-Burton and those
accompanying her please join the
Councilman at the podium.
         And joining Councilman Jones we
have Councilwoman Quinones-Sanchez and
Councilman Oh and Councilman Neilson and
Councilwoman Blackwell.
         COUNCILMAN JONES:  Incredibly,
today we stand to recognize the 30th
annual celebration of the Philadelphia
Minority Enterprise Development Week here
in Philadelphia.  The theme this year is
Breakthroughs Through Innovation.  And I
guess we could not talk about inclusion,
affirmative action in contracting nor
employment without mentioning three
names.  The first one is the late great
Lucien Blackwell.
         COUNCILWOMAN BLACKWELL:  Thank
you.
         COUNCILMAN JONES:  The second
name is W. Wilson Goode, our former
Mayor.  And the third was an



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
administrator that no one heard of before
17-500.  His name was John Macklin.  And
what he did was to look at the data that
was produced by the various purchasing
departments and he discovered that less
than one half of a percent --
         COUNCILWOMAN BLACKWELL:  Less
than one-tenth of one percent.
         COUNCILMAN JONES:  Excuse me.
I stand corrected.  Less than one-tenth
of one percent was found to have gone to
African American, other minorities, and
women-owned businesses in the City of
Philadelphia's purchasing process.  And
these three individuals got together,
working with Council, to create
legislation that changed things, and it's
17-500.  It evolved to today's OEO, but I
can stand here today and say that we have
achieved 28 percent DBE participation in
the City of Philadelphia.  And, no, it's
not perfect, but it's sure better than
what it used to be.  And you can clap to
that.



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
         (Applause.)
         COUNCILMAN JONES:  So we
present this resolution supporting the
National Minority Business Development
Agency and recognizing the 30th
Anniversary of Philadelphia's Minority
Enterprise Development Week, from the
29th of September through the 4th of
October 2014, for providing critical
information, fostering growth and
competitiveness for minority business in
the community and in Philadelphia; and
         COUNCILWOMAN BROWN:  Whereas,
since 1983, the United States President
has proclaimed a National Minority
Enterprise Development Week observance to
recognize the outstanding achievements of
Minority Business Enterprises and to
honor those corporations and financial
institutions that support minority
business development.  Annual regional
conferences and activities are organized
by the United States Department of
Commerce's Minority Business Development



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
Agency in collaboration with the United
States Small Business Administration's
Office of Government Contracting and
Business Development; and
         COUNCILMAN OH:  Whereas, the
MED Week celebration was started locally
in Philadelphia in 1984 to honor and
promote minority owned businesses in the
Philadelphia area.  The organizers of the
first MED Week activities were Barbara
Daniel Cox, former Director of Mayor
Wilson Goode's Women's Commission, and
Bilal Abdul Qayyum, Assistant to the
Deputy Director of the City Commerce
Department; and
         COUNCILMAN NEILSON:  And
whereas, the 30th Anniversary of MED Week
is chaired by the African-American
Chamber of Commerce of PA, New Jersey and
Delaware, The Asian American Chamber of
Commerce of Greater Philadelphia, The
City of Philadelphia Commerce Department,
The Greater Philadelphia Hispanic Chamber
of Commerce and The Minority Business



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
Development Agency.  For one week,
business leaders from across the region
will host various workshops focused
around this year's theme, Breakthrough:
Growth and Innovation;
         COUNCILMAN JOHNSON:  Whereas,
the 2014 MED Week celebration marks a
major milestone for the minority business
community.  While progress has been made,
continuous efforts are needed around
minority business development.  A recent
study released by ENGAGE, a student-run
think tank at the University of
Pennsylvania, indicated that a shift in
growing industries required more
highly-skilled, college educated workers,
which is not characterized by many
Philadelphia minorities.  This is one of
the major initiatives that the
African-American Chamber of Commerce and
other business leaders is looking into
changing in the coming year;
         COUNCILWOMAN SANCHEZ:  Whereas,
Philadelphia is home to so many creative,



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
hard-working entrepreneurs.  Our economy
is experiencing rapid growth.  Buildings
are being erected and renovated,
healthcare is expanding, and our
financial system is stable and the stock
market indexes are at an all-time high.
Philadelphia is ranked third in
construction growth across the United
States of America.  Hospitality and
tourism are on the rise, along with the
expansion of bridges, highways, ports,
rail system, and the airport here in
Philadelphia.  MED Week is an opportunity
for these local businesses to learn,
grow, and connect the dots that will take
their companies to the next level;
         COUNCILWOMAN BLACKWELL:  And
whereas, the 2014 Philly MED Week will
kick-off with the 2014 MED Week Award
Reception, which takes place on Monday,
September 29th, 8:00 a.m. in the Mayor's
Reception Room downstairs in City Hall.
         COUNCILWOMAN BROWN:  Be it
resolved, by the Council of the City of



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
Philadelphia, that it hereby supports the
National Minority Business Development
Agency and recognizes the 29th of
September to the 4th of October, 2014, as
Philadelphia Minority Enterprise
Development Week which provides critical
information, resources, opportunities,
and inspiration to foster the trajectory
for growth and sustainability in the
minority business development community.
         Further resolved, that an
engrossed copy of this resolution be
presented to the Philadelphia MED Week
Committee as evidence of the strong
support and sincere sentiments of this
legislative body.
         Introduced by member Councilman
Curtis Jones and sponsored, supported by
all members of Philadelphia City Council.
Congratulations.
         (Applause.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Ms. Dowd-Burton for
remarks.



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
         MS. DOWD-BURTON:  Thank you,
President Clarke.
         Good morning, everyone.
         (Good morning.)
         MS. DOWD-BURTON:  And thank you
to all the members of City Council for
this wonderful, wonderful acknowledgment.
I will tell you on behalf of the 2014 MED
Week Committee that this resolution means
a great deal.  It means the consistent
support that we've had from Council over
the past 30 years, and we truly
appreciate that.
         The members of the co-chairing
committee have been noted.  I want to
repeat them, because it is clear that
over the last couple of years we've begun
to collaborate in new and creative ways,
and we want to make sure that we are
connecting the dots as major advocates
for minorities in this business
community.  So the co-chairs include the
African American Chamber of Commerce, the
Greater Philadelphia Hispanic Chamber,



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
the Asian American Chamber, the
Pennsylvania Minority Business
Development Agency, and the Philadelphia
Commerce Department, not only the Office
of Economic Opportunity but the
Philadelphia Industrial Development
Corporation as well.
         We have over 20 major sponsors
and stakeholders this year who join us in
expressing our gratitude for this
acknowledgment, and some of those major
sponsors include the University of
Pennsylvania, Drexel University, Temple
University, the Airport, the Water
Department, the Department of Human
Services, American Airlines, Saks Fifth
Avenue -- Saks Fifth Avenue.  Sorry.
Goldman Sachs.
         Certainly different.  Too much
online.  Too much online.
         And the Convention Center, just
to name a few.
         You have our programs at your
seats.  All of our sponsors are listed



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
there, and on the back of that program is
a list.  It's a conference at the Glens
for the whole week of over 20 events.
         This year, yes, the theme is
Growth Through Innovation, and as we
celebrate our business community, we
acknowledge the contribution of our
legislators in helping to
institutionalize structure of support and
accountability for minority, women, and
disabled-owned business enterprises.  We
also honor a man who tipped the scales 31
years ago when he commissioned a study to
measure the disparity, economic
disparity, within our business community.
Managing Director W. Wilson Goode and
subsequently Mayor Goode exemplified the
vision and leadership that launched a sea
change in the growth and development of
minority and women-owned businesses.
Mayor Goode's Administration and this
City Council mobilized the resources of
the City to champion the inclusion of
disadvantaged businesses on City



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
contracts, thereby ensuring the longevity
and prosperity of those enterprises that
were ready, willing, and able to accept
the challenge.
         In recognition of the 30th
Anniversary of the Philadelphia Minority
Enterprise Development Week, we
acknowledge the contributions of Mayor W.
Wilson Goode, of Mayor Michael Nutter,
and this City of Philadelphia City
Council.  We acknowledge by celebrating
the successes of our business community
and showcasing best practices for those
who are still on the path to success by
improving access to resources and
contracting opportunities in the local
and global marketplace, and next week we
will be talking about millions of dollars
in contracts with and outside of City
government, and, finally, by raising our
collective commitment and vigilance in
the measure of our impact as advocates
for the minority business community and
the communities that they serve.



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
         The 2014 MED Week celebration
includes programs that provide insight,
resources, business relationships, and
contracting opportunities.  Programs
extend from the Mayor's Reception Room to
the Navy Yard, from the Greater
Philadelphia Chamber to the Federal
Reserve Bank, from The Enterprise Center
to the Barnes Museum, and to the Water
Department Fox Street headquarters and so
much more.
         So as you can see, leaders
within the public, private, and
non-profit sectors have accepted the call
to action.  In the future, we hope
business owners reflect on 2014 as the
year they began to fully appreciate the
power of innovation, of networking, and
navigating the business process.  Their
collaboration and commitment to
excellence is the key to building the
capacity that will be required in the
expanding public, private, and non-profit
sectors.



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
         So we hope all of you will join
us on September 29th to October 4th as we
celebrate our history but, more
importantly, reaffirm our commitment to
building businesses and putting people to
work.
         And I want to give a special
thank you to Mayor Nutter and also to the
President of City Council, President
Darrell Clarke, to Councilwoman Blondell
Reynolds Brown, Councilman Jones, and
Councilman Oh, who will personally
participate in MED Week this year.  We do
hope to see all of you.
         At this time, I'd like to
introduce Steven Scott Bradley, who is
the CEO of the African American Chamber,
for brief remarks.  Thank you again.
         MR. BRADLEY:  Good morning,
everyone.
         (Good morning.)
         MR. BRADLEY:  On behalf of the
committee, I just want to stand here and
thank President Clarke for acknowledging



  9/25/14 - STATED - PRESENTATIONS
us, and I just want to encourage
everybody to talk to your constituents.
We have a lot planned and it's not going
to be a success unless we get residents
and citizens of this city to come out and
support MED Week.  We're excited about
celebrating 30 years.  We're excited
about the support we're getting from the
City Council, but in order for it to be
successful, we need all the citizens to
take advantage of these resource.
         Again, thank you and have a
good day.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.
         (Applause.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Council will be at ease.
         (Council at ease.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you very much.  That concludes our
presentations.  Before we move to
communications, I would ask that we have
a moment of silence for John P. McNally.



  9/25/14 - STATED - COMMUNICATIONS
Most of you don't know him, but John was
a person that worked in City Hall.  He
worked on all our sound systems in the
Chamber, in the caucus, and assisted
pretty much every Councilmember on all of
the events.  It was an untimely passing.
I'd just ask for a moment of silence
briefly.
         (Moment of silence.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.
         The next order of business is
communications.  The Chair requests that
the Sergeants-of-Arms delivers the
messages from the Mayor to the Chief
Clerk.
         Thank you.  Mr. Decker, would
you please read those messages.
         CHIEF CLERK:  To the President
and members of the Council of the City of
Philadelphia, I am pleased to advise you
that on September 19, 2014, I signed the
following bills which were passed by
Council at its session on September 11,



  9/25/14 - STATED - COMMUNICATIONS
2014:  Bill No. 140515 and Bill No.
140516.
         And I am submitting herewith
for the consideration of your honorable
body an ordinance amending Bill No.
140144-A, approved June 19, 2014,
entitled "An ordinance to adopt the
Capital Program for the six Fiscal Years
2015 through 2020 inclusive," by adding
and revising certain projects, amounts,
and sources; and
         An ordinance amending Bill No.
140145-A, approved June 19, 2014,
entitled "An ordinance to adopt a Fiscal
2015 Capital Budget," by adding and
revising certain projects, amounts, and
sources; and
         An ordinance authorizing and
approving the modification of a Service
Agreement between the City of
Philadelphia and the Philadelphia
Authority for Industrial Development
relating to the refinancing of certain
bonds, approving the issuance by the



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
Philadelphia Authority for Industrial
Development of bonds, notes or other
evidences of indebtedness in one or more
series, or in a combined series with
certain other authorized indebtedness, to
refinance certain bonds; and authorizing
and approving the obligation of the City
of Philadelphia to pay in full when due
the Service Fee and other amounts payable
under the Service Agreement, all under
certain terms and conditions.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Mr. Decker.  Mr. Decker, do
you have any other communications?
         CHIEF CLERK:  I have none,
Mr. President.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you so much.
         At this time, we'll have the
introduction of bills and resolutions,
and the Chair recognizes Councilman
Kenney.
         COUNCILMAN KENNEY:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I offer one privileged



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
resolution.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.
         CHIEF CLERK:  A privileged
resolution recognizing and honoring
Barbara Salapek on her retirement after
25 years as a full-time volunteer at the
St. Francis Inn, a soup kitchen and
shelter located in the Kensington
neighborhood of Philadelphia.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
resolution will be on today's Final
Passage Calendar.
         And the Chair recognizes
Councilwoman Blackwell.
         COUNCILWOMAN BLACKWELL:  Thank
you, Mr. President.  Today I introduce
one bill on your behalf.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilwoman.
         COUNCILWOMAN BLACKWELL:
Certainly.
         CHIEF CLERK:  An ordinance
authorizing and approving the



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
modification of a Service Agreement
between the City of Philadelphia and the
Philadelphia Authority for Industrial
Development relating to the refinancing
of certain bonds, approving the issuance
by the Philadelphia Authority for
Industrial Development of bonds, notes or
other evidences of indebtedness in one or
more series, or a combined series with
certain other authorized indebtedness.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
bill will be referred to committee.
         The Chair recognizes Councilman
Greenlee.
         COUNCILMAN GREENLEE:  Thank
you, Mr. President.  I offer one bill and
two resolutions on your behalf.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.
         CHIEF CLERK:  An ordinance
amending Chapter 9-800 of The
Philadelphia Code, entitled "Landlord and
Tenant - Rent Control," by requiring
adequate notice to tenants regarding rent



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
increases and adequate notice to
landlords in the case of tenants'
decision not to renew a lease.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
bill will be referred to committee.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And a
non-privileged resolution authorizing the
Commissioner of Public Property to
execute and deliver to the Philadelphia
Redevelopment Authority, without
consideration, deeds conveying
conditional fee simple title to certain
City-owned lots or pieces of ground with
the buildings and improvements thereon,
situate in the Forty-Seventh Ward of the
City of Philadelphia.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
resolution will be on next week's Final
Passage Calendar.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And a
non-privileged resolution authorizing the
Commissioner of Public Property to
execute and deliver to the Philadelphia
Redevelopment Authority, without



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
consideration, deeds conveying
conditional fee simple title to certain
City-owned lots or pieces of ground with
the buildings and improvements thereon,
situate in the Twenty-Ninth and
Forty-Seventh Wards of the City of
Philadelphia.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
resolution will also be on next week's
Final Passage Calendar.
         The Chair recognizes Councilman
Henon.
         COUNCILMAN HENON:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I have no bills or
resolutions.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.
         The Chair recognizes Councilman
Johnson.
         COUNCILMAN JOHNSON:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I have two bills and one
non-privileged resolution.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
         COUNCILMAN JOHNSON:  You're
welcome.
         CHIEF CLERK:  An ordinance
amending Chapter 19-3900 of The
Philadelphia Code, entitled "Tax
Exemptions for Longtime Owner-Occupants
of Residential Properties," by specifying
certain circumstances sufficient to
demonstrate equitable ownership of a
property under the Longtime
Owner-Occupants Program.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
bill will be referred to committee.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And an ordinance
amending Chapter 10-800 of The
Philadelphia Code, entitled "Safety," by
prohibiting the sale, possession, or use
of toy or imitation firearms which
substantially duplicate or can be
reasonably perceived to be actual
firearms.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
bill will also be referred to committee.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And a



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
non-privileged resolution approving the
redevelopment contract of the
Philadelphia Redevelopment Authority for
the redevelopment and urban renewal of a
portion of the Point Breeze Urban Renewal
Area, identified by house number and
street address as 2025 Federal Street.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
resolution will be on next week's Final
Passage Calendar.
         The Chair recognizes
Councilwoman Quinones-Sanchez.
         COUNCILWOMAN SANCHEZ:  Thank
you, Mr. President.  I have one bill on
behalf of Councilwoman Marian Tasco.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilwoman.
         CHIEF CLERK:  An ordinance to
amend the Philadelphia Zoning Maps by
changing the zoning designations of
certain areas of land located within an
area bounded by Rising Sun Avenue, Geneva
Road, Westford Road, and Tabor Road.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
bill will be referred to committee.
         And the Chair recognizes
Councilman Neilson.
         COUNCILMAN NEILSON:  I have one
privileged resolution.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.
         CHIEF CLERK:  A privileged
resolution recognizing October 2014 as
Dyslexia Awareness Month in Philadelphia
and calling on educators and local
educational agencies to provide equal
educational opportunities for all
students through awareness of the
importance of early recognition of
dyslexia and the benefits of
evidence-based interventions.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
resolution will be on this week's Final
Passage Calendar.
         And the Chair recognizes
Councilman Neilson -- I'm sorry; O'Brien.
We did that already.
         COUNCILMAN O'BRIEN:  You're



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
feeding into --
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Councilman, you new guys, I'm still
trying to get used to you new guys.
         COUNCILMAN O'BRIEN:  I have one
privileged resolution today,
Mr. President.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.  Sorry, Councilman.
         CHIEF CLERK:  A privileged
resolution recognizing the work of
Philadelphia's own Louise Esola and her
book "American Boys:  The True Story of
the Lost 74 of the Vietnam War."  Which
brings to light the story of the 74
sailors that perished on the USS Frank E.
Evans during the Vietnam War.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  And
that resolution will be on the Final
Passage Calendar.
         The Chair recognizes Councilman
Goode.
         COUNCILMAN GOODE:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I offer no bills or



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
resolutions today.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.
         The Chair recognizes
Councilwoman Reynolds Brown.
         COUNCILWOMAN BROWN:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I offer one bill
introduced by Councilman James Kenney and
myself and co-sponsored by all members of
City Council.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilwoman.
         CHIEF CLERK:  An ordinance
amending Title 10 of The Philadelphia
Code, entitled "Regulation of Individual
Conduct and Activity," to add a new
Chapter 10-2100, entitled "Hate Crimes,"
to provide for additional penalties for
criminal conduct motivated by hatred
towards certain characteristics of other
persons.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
bill will be referred to the appropriate
committee.



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
         And the Chair recognizes
Councilman Jones.
         COUNCILMAN JONES:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  Two bills, one on your
behalf, two privileged resolutions, one
on Councilwoman Bass' behalf.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.
         CHIEF CLERK:  An ordinance
providing for the submission to the
qualified electors of the City of
Philadelphia of the proposal set forth in
a Resolution approved by Council
proposing an amendment to The
Philadelphia Home Rule Charter relating
to the creation of a new Department of
Planning and Development, headed by a
Cabinet-level Director, to oversee the
City's planning, zoning, licensing,
inspection, enforcement, and housing
functions.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
will be referred to committee.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And an ordinance



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
authorizing and directing the
installation of a traffic signal on
Parkside Avenue at the intersection of
North 50th Street.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
will be referred to committee.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And a privileged
resolution honoring the Mayor's
Commission on People with Disabilities,
Philadelphia's Department of Parks and
Recreation, and the Global Abilities
Foundation on the occasion of their
fourth annual Rec Fest.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  And
that will be on today's Final Passage
Calendar.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And a
non-privileged resolution proposing an
amendment to The Philadelphia Home Rule
Charter relating to the creation of a new
Department of Planning and Development,
headed by a Cabinet-level Director, to
oversee the City's planning, zoning,
licensing, inspection, enforcement, and



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
housing functions.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
resolution will be referred to committee.
         The Chair recognizes Councilman
O'Neill.
         COUNCILMAN O'NEILL:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I offer one bill.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.
         CHIEF CLERK:  An ordinance
amending Title 4 of The Philadelphia
Code, entitled "The Philadelphia Building
Construction and Occupancy Code," by
amending Subcode "PM" (The Philadelphia
Property Maintenance Code), by adding the
Tenth Councilmanic District to the list
of areas covered by certain building
standards.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
bill will be referred to committee.
         And the Chair recognizes
Councilman Squilla.
         COUNCILMAN SQUILLA:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I offer one privileged



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
resolution.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.
         CHIEF CLERK:  A privileged
resolution designating the week of
Monday, October 6 through Monday, October
13, 2014 as "Christopher Columbus/Italian
American Heritage Week" in the City of
Philadelphia.  This is done in
celebration of the festivities
commemorating Columbus' historic voyage
to the New World and honoring Chazz
Palminteri as Grand Marshall of the 2014
Philadelphia Columbus Day Parade.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  And
that resolution will be on today's Final
Passage Calendar.
         And the Chair recognizes
Councilman Oh.
         COUNCILMAN OH:  Thank you very
much, Mr. President.  I offer two
resolutions and one bill.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.



 9/25/14 - STATED - INTRO. OF BILLS
         CHIEF CLERK:  An ordinance
providing for the submission to the
qualified electors of the City of
Philadelphia of an amendment to The
Philadelphia Home Rule Charter
establishing and defining the
responsibilities of the International
Trade and Investment Authority; fixing
the date of a special election for such
purpose; prescribing the form of ballot
questions to be voted on; and authorizing
the appropriate officers to publish
notice and to make arrangements for the
special election.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
bill will be referred to committee.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And a
non-privileged resolution respectfully
requesting that the Pennsylvania
Legislature authorize an additional 300
taxi medallions to provide modern, green,
wheelchair accessible taxi cabs with bike
racks to meet the existing needs of
Philadelphia's underserved ridership.



     9/25/14 - STATED - REPORTS
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  That
resolution will be on next week's Final
Passage Calendar.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And a
non-privileged resolution proposing an
amendment to The Philadelphia Home Rule
Charter to provide for the creation,
appointment, powers and duties of an
International Trade and Investment
Authority.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.  That resolution will be
referred to committee.
         And that concludes our
introduction of bills and resolutions.
We will now have reports from committee.
         The Chair recognizes
Councilwoman Blackwell for a report from
the Committee on Finance.
         COUNCILWOMAN BLACKWELL:  Thank
you, Mr. President.  The Committee on
Finance reports out one bill with a
favorable recommendation.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:



     9/25/14 - STATED - REPORTS
Thank you, Councilwoman.
         Mr. Decker, please read that
report.
         CHIEF CLERK:  To the President
and members of the Council of the City of
Philadelphia, the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred Bill No. 140609,
entitled "An ordinance authorizing and
approving the execution and delivery of a
Service Agreement between the City of
Philadelphia and the Philadelphia
Authority for Industrial Development
relating to the financing of additional
operating funds for the School District
of Philadelphia for Fiscal Year 2015
only, approving the issuance by the
Philadelphia Authority for Industrial
Development of bonds, notes or other
evidences of indebtedness in one or more
series, to finance such additional
operating funds; and authorizing and
approving the obligation of the City of
Philadelphia to pay in full when due the
Service Fee and other amounts payable



     9/25/14 - STATED - REPORTS
under the Service Agreement,"
respectfully reports it has considered
and amended the same and returns the
attached bill to Council with a favorable
recommendation.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.
         The Chair again recognizes
Councilwoman Blackwell.
         COUNCILWOMAN BLACKWELL:  Thank
you, Mr. President.  I move that the
rules of Council be suspended so as to
permit first reading this day of Bill No.
140609.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.  It has been moved and
properly seconded that the rules of
Council be suspended so as to allow first
reading this day of Bill No. 140609.
         All those in favor say aye.
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?



9/25/14 - STATED - BILLS ON 2ND READING
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and that bill will be
placed on our First Reading Calendar
today.
         And that concludes our reports
from committee, and we will now have the
consideration of the Calendar.  I note
that the bill just reported from
committee with suspension of the rules
has been deemed to have had a first
reading.  This bill will be placed on our
Second Reading and Final Passage Calendar
at our next session of Council.
         As there are no additional
bills on the First Reading Calendar, the
Chair recognizes Councilman Jones for the
purpose of calling up bills and
resolutions on the Second Reading and
Final Passage Calendar.
         COUNCILMAN JONES:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  The following resolutions
and bills are being called up from Second
Reading and Final Passage Calendars



  9/25/14 - STATED - PUBLIC COMMENT
today:  Nos. 140671, 140700, 140702,
140703, 140704, and 140707 and 140001-A.
All other resolutions and bills are being
held.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.
         Before considering these bills
and resolutions on the Final Passage
Calendar, we will have our public comment
session.  The public comment session will
go as follows:
         Your name will be called when
it is your time to speak.  If you are
interested in speaking on a bill or a
resolution on the Final Passage Calendar
today, I would ask that you sign up at
the table to my left.  If you've already
done so, your name will be called.  You
will go to the podium in the middle of
the Council.  There is a device on the
podium.  When the light on that device
turns green, it is your time to speak.
When it turns yellow, you have 30 seconds
to conclude your remarks.  When it turns



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
red, we'd ask that you please adhere to
the guidelines and conclude your remarks.
You will have three minutes for your
remarks.
         And at this time, I call
Mr. Decker to read the first name on the
witness list.
         CHIEF CLERK:  There are no
speakers on the public comment list,
Mr. President.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  All
right.  I can tell by the way you were
looking at me, Mr. Decker, as I was
giving that long explanation that there
was no one here to testify.  But the
rules require me to say that anyway.
Thank you very much.
         Got to have a little levity in
this job.
         At this time, we will now
consider the resolutions and bills on the
Second Reading and Final Passage
Calendar.
         Mr. Decker, please read the



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
title of 140671.
         CHIEF CLERK:  A resolution
urging Further Action To Enact
Legislation To Designate The Medical
Center Of The Department Of Veterans
Affairs Located At 3900 Woodland Avenue
in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, As The
"Corporal Michael J. Crescenz Department
Of Veterans Affairs Medical Center."
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Councilman Oh.
         COUNCILMAN OH:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I move for the adoption
of the resolution.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's
been moved and properly seconded.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and Resolution 140671 is



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
adopted.
         Mr. Decker, 140700.
         CHIEF CLERK:  A resolution
authorizing the Commissioner of Public
Property to execute and deliver to the
Philadelphia Redevelopment Authority,
without consideration, deeds conveying
conditional fee simple title to certain
City-owned lots or pieces of ground with
the buildings and improvements thereon,
situate in the Fifteenth, Eighteenth and
Thirty-Seventh Wards of the City of
Philadelphia.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Councilman Greenlee.
         COUNCILMAN GREENLEE:  Thank
you, Mr. President.  I move the adoption
of the resolution.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's
been moved and properly seconded.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and Resolution 140700 is
adopted.
         Mr. Decker, please read the
title of 140702.
         CHIEF CLERK:  A resolution
authorizing the Commissioner of Public
Property to execute and deliver to the
Philadelphia Redevelopment Authority,
without consideration, deeds conveying
conditional fee simple title to certain
City-owned lots or pieces of ground with
the buildings and improvements thereon,
situate in the Seventh and Thirty-Seventh
Wards of the City of Philadelphia.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Councilwoman
Quinones-Sanchez.
         COUNCILWOMAN SANCHEZ:  Thank
you.  I move for the adoption.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
been moved and properly seconded.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and 140702 is adopted.
         Mr. Decker, 140703.
         CHIEF CLERK:  A resolution also
naming West Venango Street between 5th
Street and 7th Street "Joaquin Rivera
Way" to honor the memory of Joaquin
Rivera and to recognize his life and
memorialize his lasting legacy.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair again recognizes Councilwoman
Quinones-Sanchez.
         COUNCILWOMAN SANCHEZ:  Thank
you, Council President.  I move for the
adoption.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's
been moved and properly seconded.



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and 140703 is adopted.
         Mr. Decker, 140704.
         CHIEF CLERK:  A resolution
calling on the Pennsylvania Department of
Education and the Pennsylvania Secretary
of Education to thoroughly investigate
any and all allegations of curriculum
deficiencies reported within the School
District of Philadelphia that have been
properly filed and received by the
Secretary.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Councilwoman Reynolds
Brown.
         COUNCILWOMAN BROWN:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I move for the adoption.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
been moved and properly seconded.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and Resolution 140704 is
adopted.
         Mr. Decker, 140707.
         CHIEF CLERK:  A resolution
authorizing the Commissioner of Public
Property to execute and deliver to the
Philadelphia Redevelopment Authority,
without consideration, deeds conveying
conditional fee simple title to certain
City-owned lots or pieces of ground with
the buildings and improvements thereon,
situate in the Twenty-Fifth, Thirty-First
and Thirty-Ninth Wards of the City of
Philadelphia.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Councilman Squilla.
         COUNCILMAN SQUILLA:  I move for



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
the adoption of the resolution.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's
been moved and properly seconded.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and 140707 has been
adopted.
         Mr. Decker, please read the
title of 140001-A.
         CHIEF CLERK:  An ordinance
amending Chapter 10-800 of The
Philadelphia Code, entitled "Safety," by
providing for ending the existing
procedure of mandatory custodial arrests
for the crime of marijuana possession and
by requiring the reporting of the number
of arrests and related information with
respect to those arrested for marijuana
possession.



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Councilman Kenney.
         COUNCILMAN KENNEY:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  Based on the passage of
last week's bill, I move that Bill No.
140001-A be withdrawn.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's
been moved and properly seconded.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it.  Bill No. 140001-A is
withdrawn.
         Mr. Decker, do you have any
additional resolutions.
         CHIEF CLERK:  A resolution
recognizing and honoring Barbara Salapek
on her retirement after 25 years as a
full-time volunteer at the St. Francis
Inn, a soup kitchen and shelter located



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
in the Kensington neighborhood of
Philadelphia, introduced by Councilman
Kenney.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Councilman Kenney.
         COUNCILMAN KENNEY:  I move the
adoption of the resolution.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's
been moved and properly seconded.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and that resolution is
adopted.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And a resolution
recognizing October 2014 as Dyslexia
Awareness Month in Philadelphia and
calling on educators and local
educational agencies to provide equal
educational opportunities for all



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
students through awareness of the
importance of early recognition of
dyslexia and the benefits of
evidence-based interventions, introduced
by Councilman Neilson.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Councilman Neilson.
         COUNCILMAN NEILSON:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I move for the adoption
of the resolution.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's
been moved and properly seconded.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and that resolution is
adopted.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And a resolution
recognizing the work of Philadelphia's
own Louise Esola and her book "American



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
Boys:  The True Story of the Lost 74 of
the Vietnam War."  Which brings to light
the story of the 74 sailors that perished
on the USS Frank E. Evans during the
Vietnam War, introduced by Councilman
O'Brien.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Councilman O'Brien.
         COUNCILMAN O'BRIEN:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I move for the adoption
of the resolution.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's
been moved and properly seconded.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and that resolution is
adopted.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And a resolution
honoring the Mayor's Commission on People



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
with Disabilities, Philadelphia's
Department of Parks and Recreation, and
the Global Abilities Foundation on the
occasion of the fourth annual
Philadelphia Rec Fest, introduced by
Councilwoman Bass.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Councilman Oh.
         COUNCILMAN OH:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  On behalf of Councilwoman
Bass, I move for the adoption of the
resolution.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's
been moved and properly seconded.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and that resolution is
adopted.
         CHIEF CLERK:  And a resolution



   9/25/14 - STATED - 2ND READING
designating the week of Monday, October 6
through Monday, October 13, 2014 as
"Christopher Columbus/Italian American
Heritage Week" in the City of
Philadelphia.  This is done in
celebration of the festivities
commemorating Columbus' historic voyage
to the New World and honoring Chazz
Palminteri as Grand Marshall of the 2014
Philadelphia Columbus Day Parade,
introduced by Councilman Squilla.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
Chair recognizes Councilman Squilla.
         COUNCILMAN SQUILLA:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I move for the adoption
of the resolution.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  It's
been moved and properly seconded.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Those opposed?
         (No response.)



     9/25/14 - STATED - SPEECHES
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it, and that resolution is
adopted.
         CHIEF CLERK:  There are no
other resolutions on the Final Passage
Calendar, Mr. President.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you very much.
         That concludes our Calendar.
And at this time, I would ask if there
are any speeches on the part of the
minority.
         The Chair recognizes Councilman
Oh.
         COUNCILMAN OH:  Thank you very
much, Mr. President.  I just wanted to
give a last request that anybody who
believes they are musically talented,
whether they are a professional musician
or someone who is just hoping to be a
musician one day, you have until next
week, September 30th, to submit on our
website, www.phllive.org, your music
video.  It can be simply something you



     9/25/14 - STATED - SPEECHES
record yourself on your cell phone, but
you can win $1,000, perform in front of
6,000 people, thanks to the Dell Music
Center, free studio recording time and
other prizes.  So please don't miss this
opportunity.  It's all about the creative
economy in Philadelphia.
         Thank you.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilman.  I refuse to
respond to that, sir.  I had something
really funny to say, but I'm not going to
go there today.  I'm not going to go
there today.
         The Chair recognizes -- any
speeches on the part of the majority?
         And the Chair recognizes
Councilman Jones.
         COUNCILMAN JONES:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  Very quickly, two
announcements.  One, tonight we will be
honoring the new President-elect of the
American Bar Association, Paulette Brown.
It will be in Conversation Hall tonight



     9/25/14 - STATED - SPEECHES
between 5:30 and 7:30 p.m.  Many
Councilmembers will be joining us.  This
is a big thing and a first for the Bar
Association.
         The second announcement is that
many members of Council will be
participating in MED Week in various
workshops, including yourself, but
Councilman Oh and I are co-venturing on a
not red state, not blue state but a green
state of inclusion for all companies.
He's been all around the world and now
he's back, and we will be dealing with
the opportunities at the Commonwealth
level for small businesses.  The title of
the workshop is the Commonwealth As Your
Partner, and we will be on Tuesday,
September 30th, 6 o'clock at the Greater
Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce, 200
South Broad Street, 7th floor, and we
would like all to come out to hear about
what opportunities are available and what
opportunities are proposed at the state
level.



     9/25/14 - STATED - SPEECHES
         Thank you, Mr. President.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you very much, Councilman.
         The Chair recognizes
Councilwoman Reynolds Brown.
         COUNCILWOMAN BROWN:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  As a followup to
Councilman Oh's exciting talent venture,
I'm going to make a public appeal that
next year when you do this, you will
include different genres of dance so that
that performing arts as well can be
celebrated.
         I have two announcements.  In
2010, Mr. President, my office and I took
a closer look at the disposal of
prescription drugs, and the reason why we
did this was our discovery that every
year 2.1 million children ages 12 to 17
report prescription drug abuse.  Further,
we learned that in 24 metropolitan
cities, including Philadelphia when our
water was tested, drinking water, 56
different pharmaceuticals were found in



     9/25/14 - STATED - SPEECHES
our testing water.  And so the good news
is that Councilman Denny O'Brien joined
us and raised the bar on this again, and
as a partner with him, we want to remind
our listeners and our viewers that this
Saturday, September 27th, from 10:00 a.m.
to 2:00 p.m. is National Drug Abuse
Disposal Prescription Day, and we're
asking everyone and, most notably parents
who have children, that they seek to
dispose drugs in a way that's proper and
correct.
         And then, secondly, in keeping
with MED Week, for the sixth consecutive
year my office will be joining with PIDC
to bring together about three dozen small
business people down at the Navy
Shipyard, which still offers enormous
opportunity, and we'll be giving a
full-panel presentation followed by a
tour of that fabulous economic engine
down there.
         Thank you, Mr. President.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:



     9/25/14 - STATED - SPEECHES
Thank you, Councilwoman.
         And the Chair recognizes
Councilwoman Quinones-Sanchez.
         COUNCILWOMAN SANCHEZ:  Thank
you, Mr. President.  Later this afternoon
the Special Commission established by the
Mayor will be publicly releasing a
report.  There's been already much
discussion about this.  I personally want
to thank all the members of the
Commission who represented both from the
academic world, the building trades, and
the contractors for spending countless
hours in the discussion about how do we
improve the public safety of the City of
Philadelphia.
         The report has many items that
are synergetic to what the task force,
led by this Council, established by you,
Council President, discussed and provides
some insights on some potential other
ideas and national best practices.  I
look forward to working with the
Administration and my Council colleagues



     9/25/14 - STATED - SPEECHES
to provide a full briefing.  Many Council
folks post the task force, our City
Council task force, has been working on
many issues, Councilman O'Brien and
Councilman Henon, and some of the
Commission reports will support some of
the work that's been ongoing and will
highlight others.  The most important
piece is that this Council in the last
budget cycle recognized that ultimately
it is about priorities and resources, and
I believe that the additional resources
given to L&I have allowed the
Commissioner to establish some reforms
that have also led to much progress.  Can
more be done?  Absolutely.  I think that
this report and the work that's been done
by this Council will continue to keep in
the forefront the enormous task that we
have in terms of the public safety as it
relates to construction sites.
         So today's report and
recommendations will be well received,
and I look forward to a process that we



   9/25/14 - STATED - ADJOURNMENT
can discuss them, dialogue them, and
implement further reforms in addition to
providing additional resources for the
Department of Licenses and Inspections.
         So thank you.
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you, Councilwoman.
         That concludes our speeches on
behalf of the minority and the majority,
and the Chair now recognizes Councilwoman
Reynolds Brown for a motion to adjourn.
         COUNCILWOMAN BROWN:  Thank you,
Mr. President.  I move that Council stand
adjourned until Thursday, October 2nd,
2014 at 10:00 a.m.
         (Duly seconded.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:
Thank you.  It has been moved and
seconded that Council stand adjourned
until Thursday, October 2nd, 2014 at
10:00.
         All those in favor?
         (Aye.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:



   9/25/14 - STATED - ADJOURNMENT
Those opposed?
         (No response.)
         COUNCIL PRESIDENT CLARKE:  The
ayes have it.
         Thank you all very much.
         (Stated Meeting adjourned at
11:35 a.m.)
             - - -




















               CERTIFICATE
        I HEREBY CERTIFY that the
proceedings, evidence and objections are
contained fully and accurately in the
stenographic notes taken by me upon the
foregoing matter, and that this is a true and
correct transcript of same.




--------------------
MICHELE L. MURPHY
RPR-Notary Public




        (The foregoing certification of this
transcript does not apply to any reproduction
of the same by any means, unless under the
direct control and/or supervision of the
certifying reporter.)






A
Abdul11:14
Abilities35:12
:4
able18:4
abounding3:23
absence6:6,11,19
:2
Absolutely64:17
abuse61:21 62:8
academic63:13
accept18:4
accepted19:15
access18:16
accessible38:23
accompanying
:4
accountability
:11
accurately67:5
achieved9:21
achievements
:18
acknowledge17:8
:9,12
acknowledging
:25
acknowledgment
:8 16:12
action7:15 8:17
:16 45:4
activities10:23
:11
Activity33:17
actual29:21
add33:17
adding23:10,16
:16
addition65:3
additional33:19
:21 40:14,21
:16 52:20
:13 65:4
address30:8
adequate26:25
:2
adhere44:2
adjourn65:12
adjourned65:15
:20 66:7
ADJOURNME...
:1 66:1
Administration
:22 63:25
Administration's
:3
administrator9:2
adopt23:8,15
adopted46:2 47:6
:9 49:8 50:10
:13 53:19
:22 55:23
:24 58:4
adoption45:14
:18 47:23
:22 49:23
:2 53:8 54:10
:11 56:12
:16
advantage21:12
advise22:22
advocates15:21
:23
Affairs45:7,10
affirmative8:17
African9:13
:24 20:18
African-Ameri...
:19 12:21
afternoon63:6
agencies31:13
:24
Agency10:6 11:2
:2 14:4 16:4
ages61:20
ago17:14
Agreement23:21
:11 26:2
:11 41:2
aid2:24
Airlines16:17
airport13:13
:15
allegations49:14
allow41:20
allowed64:14
all-time13:7
almighty4:21
Amen2:21 3:25
:2,18,19,23,24
amend30:20
amended41:4
amending23:6,13
:22 29:5,16
:15 36:12,15
:17
amendment
:15 35:20
:5 39:7
America13:10
American9:13
:21 15:24
:2,17 20:18
:14 37:9
:25 57:4
:24
amounts23:11,17
:10 40:25
and/or67:23
Angela8:3
Anniversary7:25
:7 11:18 18:7
announcement
:6
announcements
:22 61:15
annual8:12 10:22
:14 56:5
anybody58:18
anyway44:17
appeal61:10
Applause10:2
:22 21:17
apply67:21
appointment39:9
appreciate7:16
:14 19:18
appropriate
:24 38:13
approval5:1,6
approved5:14,20
:4 23:7,14
:14
approving23:20
:25 24:8
:25 26:6 30:2
:10,17,23
area11:10 30:7
:23
areas30:22 36:18
arrangements
:14
arrested51:24
arrests51:20,23
arts61:13
Asian11:21 16:2
asking62:10
Assistant11:14
assisted22:5
Association59:24
:5
attached41:5
Authority23:23
:2 26:4,7
:11,25 30:4
:9 39:11
:13,18 46:7
:12 50:15
authorize38:21
authorized24:6
:11
authorizing23:19
:7 25:25 27:8
:22 35:2
:12 40:9,22
:5 47:10
:13
available60:23
Avenue16:18,18
:23 35:4 45:7
Award13:20
awareness31:11
:15 53:22
:2
aye5:21,22 7:2
:22,23 45:20
:24 48:4 49:3
:4 51:7 52:12
:13 54:16
:17 56:18
:22 65:24
ayes6:3 42:4
:25 47:5 48:9
:8 50:9 51:12
:17 53:18
:21 55:22
:23 58:3 66:5
a.m1:7 13:22
:7 65:16 66:8
B
Babowitch2:13
:19 4:3,20
back7:20 17:2
:14
ballot38:11
Bank19:9
bar59:24 60:4
:4
Barbara11:11
:7 52:22
Barnes19:10
Based52:5
Bass1:10 6:23,24
:6 34:7 56:7,12
beautiful4:10
began19:18
begun15:18
behalf6:9,17 15:9
:23 25:19
:18 30:16
:6,7 56:11
:10
believe64:13
believes58:19
benefits31:17
:4
best18:14 63:23
better9:23
big60:4
bike38:23
Bilal11:14
bill23:2,2,6,13
:19 26:13,17
:6 29:14,24



:15 31:2 33:8
:24 36:8,21
:23 38:17
:23 40:8 41:5
:14,21 42:4
:10,13 43:15
:6,6,17
bills7:3 22:24
:1,21 25:1
:1 27:1 28:1
:15,22 29:1
:1 31:1 32:1
:25 33:1 34:1
:5 35:1 36:1
:1 38:1 39:16
:1,17,19,24
:4,8 44:22
bitterness3:19
Blackwell1:11
:9,20,21 9:8
:18 25:16,17
:22 39:19,21
:10,11
bless4:11,21
blessed3:6,21 4:4
blessing3:9
blessings4:8
Blondell1:17
:11
blue60:11
BOBBY1:12
body14:17 23:6
bonds23:25 24:3
:7 26:6,8
:19
book32:14 54:25
bounded30:23
Boys32:14 55:2
Bradley20:17,20
:23
Breakthrough
:5
Breakthroughs
:15
Breeze30:6
BRIAN1:16
bridges13:12
brief20:19
briefing64:2
briefly22:9
bring62:17
brings32:16 55:3
Broad60:21
brothers3:10
Brown1:17 10:14
:24 20:12
:6,7 49:21,22
:24 61:6,7
:12,13
budget23:16
:11
building19:22
:6 36:13,18
:13
buildings13:3
:15 28:5
:11 47:16
:19
business5:6 6:5
:13 8:2 10:5,12
:19,22,25
:3,5,25 12:3,9
:12,22 14:3
:11 15:22
:3 17:7,12,16
:13,24 19:4
:17,20 22:13
:18
businesses9:14
:9 13:15
:21,25 20:6
:16
C
Cabinet-level
:19 35:23
cabs38:23
Calendar25:14
:20 28:11
:11 31:21
:21 35:17
:18 39:4 42:5
:9,14,17,21
:10,16 44:24
:7,10
Calendars42:25
call19:15 44:6
called3:5 4:13
:24 43:13,19
calling31:12
:19 49:11
:23
Calvary2:13
capacity19:23
Capital23:9,16
case27:3
Catholic2:13
caucus22:5
celebrate17:7
:4
celebrated61:14
celebrating18:12
:8
celebration8:12
:7 12:8 19:2
:11 57:7
cell59:2
Center16:22 19:9
:6,10 59:5
CEO20:18
certain23:11,17
:24 24:6,7,12
:6,11 27:13
:3 29:9 30:22
:21 36:18
:9 47:14
:17
Certainly16:20
:23
CERTIFICATE
:2
certification
:20
CERTIFY67:3
certifying67:24
Chair2:12 5:9
:7,14,22 7:22
:24 22:14
:22 25:15
:14 28:12,19
:12 31:3,22
:22 33:5 34:2
:5,22 37:19
:18 41:9
:18 45:12
:16 47:20
:18 49:20
:24 52:3 53:6
:8 55:9 56:9
:14 58:14
:16,18 61:5
:3 65:11
chaired11:19
challenge18:5
Chamber11:20
:21,24 12:21
:24,25 16:2
:8 20:18 22:5
:20
champion17:24
change17:20
changed9:18
changing12:23
:21
Chapter26:22
:5,16 33:18
:17
characteristics
:21
characterized
:18
charity4:6
Charter34:16
:21 38:6 39:8
Chazz37:13 57:9
Chief1:19 22:16
:20 24:16
:5,24 26:21
:7,21 29:4,15
:25 30:19
:9 32:11
:14 34:10,25
:8,18 36:11
:5 38:2,18
:5 40:5 44:9
:3 46:4 47:9
:11 49:10
:12 51:16
:21 53:20
:23 55:24
:25 58:5
children61:20
:11
Christ3:3,12,20
:22 4:16
Christopher37:8
:4
Church2:14
CINDY1:10
circumstances
:9
cities61:23
citizens21:6,11
city1:2,6 3:9 9:14
:22 11:15,23
:23,25 14:20
:7 17:23,24
:25 18:11,11
:20 20:10
:6,10 22:3,21
:21 24:8 26:3
:17 28:7
:11 34:12
:9 38:4 40:6
:11,23 46:13
:18 50:21
:5 63:16 64:3
City's34:20 35:24
City-owned27:14
:4 46:10
:15 50:18
clap9:24
Clarke1:10 2:2,5
:25 5:4,16,23
:2,12,20 7:4,7
:23 15:3
:11,25 21:15
:18,21 22:11
:13,18 25:3
:12,20 26:12
:19 27:5,18
:9,17,24
:13,23 30:9
:17,25 31:7
:19 32:3,9,19



:3,12,23 34:8
:23 35:6,15
:3,9,20 37:3
:16,24 38:16
:2,12,25 41:7
:17,24 42:3
:6 44:12
:11,17,21,24
:15,21,25
:4,19,25 48:5
:8,17,24 49:4
:7,19,25 50:5
:8,23 51:4,8
:11 52:2,9,13
:16 53:5,10
:14,17 54:7
:13,17,20
:8,14,18,21
:8,15,19,22
:13,19,23
:2,8 59:10
:3 62:25 65:7
:18,25 66:4
clear15:17
Clerk1:19 22:17
:20 24:16
:5,24 26:21
:7,21 29:4,15
:25 30:19
:9 32:11
:14 34:10,25
:8,18 36:11
:5 38:2,18
:5 40:5 44:9
:3 46:4 47:9
:11 49:10
:12 51:16
:21 53:20
:23 55:24
:25 58:5
closer61:17
Code26:23 29:6
:17 33:16
:13,14,16
:18
collaborate15:19
collaboration
:2 19:21
colleagues63:25
collective18:22
college12:17
Columbus37:12
:15 57:8,11
Columbus/Itali...
:8 57:4
combined24:5
:10
come2:6,9,24
:14,17,20 21:6
:22
coming12:23
commandment
:7
commemorating
:12 57:8
comment43:1,10
:11 44:10
Commerce11:15
:20,22,23,25
:21 15:24
:5 60:20
Commerce's
:25
Commission
:13 35:10
:25 63:7,12
:7
commissioned
:14
Commissioner
:9,23 46:5
:10 50:13
:15
commitment
:22 19:21
:5
committee14:15
:10,16 20:24
:13 27:6
:14,24 31:2
:25 34:24
:7 36:4,21
:17 39:14,17
:20,22 40:7
:8,11
Commonwealth
:15,17
communications
:24 22:1,14
:1 24:15
communities
:25
community10:13
:10 14:11
:23 17:7,16
:13,24
companies13:17
:12
company3:21
competitiveness
:12
conclude43:25
:3
concludes21:22
:15 42:7
:10 65:9
conditional27:13
:3 46:9 47:14
:17
conditions24:12
conduct33:17,20
conference17:3
conferences10:23
Congratulations
:21
connect13:16
connecting15:21
consecutive62:15
consider44:22
consideration
:5 27:12 28:2
:9 46:8 47:13
:16
considered41:3
considering43:8
consistent15:11
constituents21:3
construction13:9
:14 64:22
contained67:5
continue64:19
continuous12:11
contract30:3
contracting8:17
:4 18:17 19:5
contractors63:14
contracts18:2,20
contribution17:8
contributions
:9
control26:24
:23
Convention16:22
Conversation
:25
conveying27:12
:2 46:8 47:13
:16
copy14:13
Corporal45:9
Corporation16:8
corporations
:20
correct62:13
:8
corrected9:11
Council1:2,10
:2,5 3:9 4:11
:25 5:3,4,16,23
:2,12,20 7:4,7
:17 13:25
:20,23 15:7
:12 17:23
:12 20:10
:10,15,18,19
:20,21 22:11
:21,25 24:13
:18 25:3,12
:20 26:12,19
:5,18 28:9,17
:24 29:13,23
:9,17,25 31:7
:19 32:3,9,19
:3,11,12,23
:8,14,23 35:6
:15 36:3,9,20
:3,16,24
:16 39:2,12
:25 40:6 41:5
:7,13,17,20
:24 42:3,15
:6,21 44:12
:11,17,21,24
:15,21,25
:4,19,25 48:5
:8,17,21,24
:4,7,19,25
:5,8,23 51:4,8
:11 52:2,9,13
:16 53:5,10
:14,17 54:7
:13,17,20
:8,14,18,21
:8,15,19,22
:13,19,23
:2,8 59:10
:7 61:3 62:25
:20,21,25
:2,4,10,19
:7,14,18,20
:25 66:4
Councilman1:11
:12,12,13,13
:14,14,15,15
:16,17 2:15 5:9
:11 6:7,8,14,16
:23 8:5,6,8,8
:10,23 9:10
:3 11:6,17
:7 14:18
:12,13 24:22
:24 25:4
:14,16,20
:12,14,18,19
:21,25 29:2
:4,5,8,23,25
:4,6,10,22,24
:4,9 34:3,4,9
:5,7,10,23,24
:4,20,21,25
:18,22 43:7
:12,13 46:16
:17 50:24,25
:3,4 53:3,6,7
:6,8,9 55:6,9



:10 56:9,10
:12,14,15
:14,16 59:11
:19,20 60:10
:4,9 62:3 64:5
:6
Councilmanic
:17
Councilmember
:6
Councilmembers
:3
Councilwoman
:10,11,16,17
:11,23,24 7:6,9
:7,9,21 9:8
:14 12:24
:18,24 20:11
:16,17,21,22
:13,14,16,18
:6,7,13 34:7
:19,21 40:2
:10,11 47:20
:22 48:18,20
:20,22 56:7
:11 61:6,7
:2,4,5 65:8,11
:13
countless63:14
couple15:18
covered36:18
Cox11:12
co-chairing15:15
co-chairs15:23
co-sponsored
:10
co-venturing
:10
create9:17
creation34:17
:21 39:8
creative12:25
:19 59:7
Crescenz45:9
crime51:21
Crimes33:18
criminal33:20
critical10:10
:7
curriculum49:14
Curtis1:13 14:19
custodial51:20
cycle64:11
D
D1:16
dance61:12
Daniel11:12
Darrell1:10
:11
data9:4
date38:10
DAVID1:15
day7:17 21:14
:15 41:14,21
:11 58:22
:9
DBE9:21
deal15:11
dealing60:14
decision27:4
Decker1:19
:18 24:14,14
:3 44:7,14,25
:3 47:7 48:10
:9 50:11
:14 52:19
deeds27:12 28:2
:8 47:13
:16
deemed42:12
deficiencies49:15
defining38:7
Delaware11:21
deliberations
:13
deliver27:10,24
:6 47:11
:14
delivers22:15
delivery40:10
Dell59:4
demonstrate
:10
DENNIS1:15
Denny62:3
Department
:24 11:16,23
:5,16,16
:11 34:17
:11,22 45:6,9
:11 56:3 65:5
departments9:6
depths3:16
Deputy11:15
Designate45:5
designating37:6
:2
designations
:21
desire2:22
development8:2
:13 10:5,8,17
:22,25 11:5
:2,12 14:3,7
:11 16:4,7
:20 18:8
:23 24:3 26:5
:8 34:18
:22 40:13,19
device43:21,22
devoted3:10
dialogue65:2
different16:20
:12,25
direct67:23
directing35:2
Director11:12,15
:17 34:19
:23
Disabilities35:10
:2
disabled-owned
:12
disadvantaged
:25
discovered9:6
discovery61:19
discuss65:2
discussed63:21
discussion63:10
:15
disparity17:15
:16
dispense7:12
disposal61:17
:9
dispose62:12
District36:17
:15 49:16
divided3:18
dollars18:19
dots13:16 15:21
Dowd-Burton8:3
:24 15:2,6
downstairs13:23
dozen62:17
Drexel16:14
drinking61:24
drug61:21 62:8
drugs61:18 62:12
due24:9 40:24
Duly5:15 41:16
:16 46:20
:24 48:23
:24 51:3 52:8
:9 54:12
:13 56:14
:18 65:17
duplicate29:20
duties39:9
dyslexia31:11,17
:21 54:4
E
E32:17 55:5
early31:16 54:3
ease5:3 21:19,20
economic16:6
:15 62:22
economy13:2
:8
ED1:14
educated12:17
Education49:12
:13
educational31:13
:14 53:24,25
educators31:12
:23
efforts12:11
Eighteenth46:12
election38:10,15
electors34:12
:4
employment8:18
Enact45:4
encourage21:2
enforcement
:21 35:25
ENGAGE12:13
engine62:22
engrossed14:13
enormous62:19
:20
ensuring18:2
Enterprise8:2,13
:8,17 14:6
:8 19:9
enterprises10:19
:12 18:3
entitled23:8,15
:23 29:6,17
:16,18 36:13
:9 51:18
entrepreneurs
:2
equal31:13 53:24
equitable29:10
erected13:4
Esola32:13 54:25
establish64:15
established63:7
:20
establishing38:7
eternal3:7
Evans32:18 55:5
events17:4 22:7
everybody21:3
evidence14:15
:4
evidences24:4
:9 40:20
evidence-based
:18 54:5



evolved9:19
example4:6
excellence19:22
excited21:7,8
exciting61:9
Excuse9:10
execute27:10,24
:6 47:11
:14
execution40:10
exemplified17:18
Exemptions29:7
existing38:24
:19
expanding13:5
:24
expansion13:12
experience7:18
experiencing13:3
explanation44:15
expressing16:11
extend19:6
extremely7:19
F
fabulous62:22
face3:22
faithfully4:14
father2:12,19,20
:6 4:3,20,21
:2
favor5:21 41:22
:19 46:23
:3 49:2 50:3
:6 52:11
:12 54:15
:16 56:17
:21 65:23
favorable39:24
:5
fear3:14
Federal19:8 30:8
fee24:10 27:13
:3 40:25 46:9
:14 50:17
feeding32:2
Fest35:14 56:6
festivities37:11
:7
Fifteenth46:12
Fifth16:17,18
filed49:17
Final25:13 27:19
:11 30:10
:20 32:20
:16 37:17
:3 42:14,21
:25 43:9,16
:23 58:6
finally18:21
finance39:20,23
:7,21
financial10:20
:6
financing40:14
firearms29:19,22
first8:19 11:11
:14,20 42:5
:12,17 44:7
:4
Fiscal23:9,15
:16
fixing38:9
floor60:21
focused12:4
folks64:3
followed62:21
following22:24
:23
follows43:12
followup61:8
force63:19 64:3,4
forefront64:20
foregoing67:7,20
forever3:23,24
form38:11
former8:24 11:12
forth34:13
Forty-Seventh
:16 28:7
forward63:24
:25
foster14:9
fostering10:11
found9:12 61:25
Foundation35:13
:4
fourth35:14 56:5
Fox19:11
Francis25:9
:24
Frank32:17 55:5
free59:5
front59:3
full24:9 40:24
:2
fully19:18 67:5
full-panel62:21
full-time25:8
:24
functions34:22
:2
funds40:15,22
funny59:13
further14:12
:4 61:21 65:3
future19:16
G
gathered3:12
Geneva30:23
genres61:12
gentle2:25
getting21:9
give2:11 7:17
:8 58:18
given64:14
giving44:15
:20
glad3:14
Glens17:3
global18:18
:12 56:4
glory3:22
go43:12,20 59:14
:14
God2:22,24 3:15
:20,23 4:4,21
going2:9 21:4
:13,14 61:10
Goldman16:19
good2:2,4 15:4,5
:20,22 21:14
:2
Goode1:11 8:24
:17,18 18:10
:23,24
Goode's11:13
:22
government7:15
:4 18:21
Grand37:14
:10
granted6:13 7:8
gratitude16:11
great3:2 4:7 8:19
:11
Greater11:22,24
:25 19:7
:19
green38:22 43:23
:11
Greenlee1:12
:10,11 26:15
:16 46:16,17
ground27:14
:4 46:10
:15 50:18
grow13:16
growing12:16
growth10:11
:6 13:3,9
:10 17:6,20
guess8:16
guest2:14
guests2:7,17,18
guidelines44:3
guys32:4,5
H
half9:7
Hall1:6 13:23
:3 59:25
hard-working
:2
Hate33:18
hatred33:20
headed34:18
:23
headquarters
:11
healthcare13:5
hear60:22
heard9:2
heart3:16
heed3:17
held43:5
help2:25 4:9
helping3:10 17:9
Henon1:12 28:13
:14 64:6
herewith23:4
Heritage37:9
:5
high13:7
highlight64:9
highly-skilled
:17
highways13:12
Hispanic11:24
:25
historic37:12
:8
history20:4
holy2:21 4:22
home12:25 34:16
:20 38:6 39:7
honor10:20 11:8
:13 48:14
honorable23:5
honoring25:6
:9 37:13
:22 55:25
:9 59:23
hope7:18 19:16
:2,15
hoping58:21
Hospitality13:10
host12:4
hour2:6
hours63:15
house30:7
housing34:21
:2
Human16:16



I
ideas63:23
identified30:7
imitation29:19
impact18:23
implement65:3
importance31:16
:3
important64:9
importantly20:5
improve63:16
improvements
:15 28:5
:11 47:16
:19
improving18:16
include15:23
:13 61:12
includes19:3
including60:9
:23
inclusion8:16
:24 60:12
inclusive23:10
increases27:2
Incredibly8:10
indebtedness24:4
:6 26:9,11
:20
indexes13:7
indicated12:15
Individual33:16
individuals9:16
Industrial16:7
:23 24:2 26:4
:8 40:13,18
industries12:16
information
:11 14:8
:23
initiatives12:20
Inn25:9 52:25
innovation8:15
:6 17:6 19:19
insight19:3
insights63:22
inspection34:21
:25
Inspections65:5
inspiration14:9
installation35:3
institutionalize
:10
institutions10:21
interested43:15
International
:8 39:10
intersection35:4
interventions
:18 54:5
INTRO24:1 25:1
:1 27:1 28:1
:1 30:1 31:1
:1 33:1 34:1
:1 36:1 37:1
:1
introduce20:17
:18
introduced14:18
:9 53:3 54:5
:6 56:6 57:12
introduction
:21 39:16
investigate49:13
Investment38:9
:10
invocation2:11
:1 4:1
issuance23:25
:6 40:17
issues64:5
items63:18
J
J1:16 45:9
James1:14 33:9
JANNIE1:11
Jersey11:20
Joaquin48:13,14
job44:20
John2:12 9:3
:25 22:2
Johnson1:13
:7 28:20,21
:2
join8:4 16:10
:2
joined62:3
joining8:6 60:3
:16
Jones1:13 6:7,8
:23 8:6,10,23
:10 10:3 14:19
:12 34:3,4
:18,22 59:19
:20
Journal5:1,7,13
:18 6:3
joy3:23
JR1:11,13
June23:7,14
K
K1:12
keep64:19
keeping62:14
Kenney1:14
:23,24 33:9
:3,4 53:4,6,7
Kensington25:10
:2
KENYATTA
:13
key19:22
kick-off13:20
kindness2:25
kitchen25:9
:25
know22:2
L
L1:10 67:14
Lady2:13
land30:22
Landlord26:23
landlords27:3
lasting48:16
late8:19
launched17:19
leaders12:3,22
:13
leadership17:19
learn13:15
learned61:22
lease27:4
leave6:6,10,13,19
:2,8
LEAVES6:1
led63:20 64:16
left43:18
legacy48:16
legislation9:18
:5
legislative14:17
legislators17:9
Legislature38:21
level13:17 60:16
:25
levity44:19
Licenses65:5
licensing34:20
:25
life3:7 48:15
light32:16 43:22
:3
list17:3 36:17
:8,10
listed16:25
listeners62:6
little44:19
living3:15
local13:15 18:17
:12 53:23
locally11:7
located25:10
:22 45:7
:25
long44:15
longevity18:2
Longtime29:7,11
look9:4 61:17
:24 64:25
looking12:22
:14
Lord4:4,17
Lord's3:8
Lost32:15 55:2
lot21:4
lots27:14 28:4
:10 47:15
:18
Louise32:13
:25
love2:22,23 3:3
:12,14,15 4:7
Lucien8:20
L&I64:14
M
Macklin9:3
Maintenance
:16
major12:9,20
:21 16:9,12
majority6:10
:17 65:10
man17:13
Managing17:17
mandatory51:20
Maps30:20
MARIA1:16
Marian6:11
:16
marijuana51:21
:24
MARK1:17
market13:7
marketplace
:18
marks12:8
Marshall37:14
:10
marvelous4:6
matter67:7
Mayor8:25 11:12
:18,22 18:9
:10 20:9
:16 63:8
Mayor's13:22
:6 35:9 55:25
McNally21:25
means15:10,11
:22
measure17:15
:23
MED11:7,11,18



:8 13:14,19
:20 14:14
:9 19:2 20:14
:7 60:8 62:15
medallions38:22
Medical45:5,10
meet38:24
meeting1:3 5:7
:13,19 66:7
member14:18
members2:8,16
:18 3:9 14:20
:7,15 22:21
:10 40:6 60:7
:11
memorialize
:16
memory48:14
mentioning8:18
mercy3:6 4:5
messages22:16
:19
metropolitan
:22
Michael1:19
:10 45:9
MICHELE67:14
middle43:20
midst3:20
milestone12:9
million61:20
millions18:19
mind3:18
minorities9:13
:19 15:22
minority7:25
:13 10:5,7,12
:16,19,21,25
:9,25 12:9,12
:3,6,11 16:3
:11,21 18:7
:24 58:13
:10
minutes44:4
mobilized17:23
modern38:22
modification
:20 26:2
moment21:25
:8,10
Monday13:21
:7,7 57:2,3
Month31:11
:22
morning2:3,4,12
:4,5 20:20,22
motion65:12
motivated33:20
move5:12 21:23
:12 45:14
:18 47:23
:21 49:23
:25 52:6 53:7
:10 55:11
:12 57:16
:14
moved5:17 41:18
:18 46:22
:2,25 50:2
:5 52:10
:11 54:14
:15 56:16
:20 65:19
MURPHY67:14
Museum19:10
music58:24 59:4
musically58:19
musician58:20
:22
N
name2:19 8:24
:3 16:23 43:13
:19 44:7
names8:19
naming48:12
national10:5,16
:3 62:8 63:23
navigating19:20
Navy19:7 62:18
need4:14 21:11
needed12:11
needs38:24
neighbor4:15
neighborhood
:11 53:2
Neilson1:14 8:8
:17 31:4,5,23
:6,8,9
networking19:19
new11:20 15:19
:4,5 33:17
:17 35:21
:13 57:9
:23
news62:2
non-privileged
:8,22 28:23
:2 35:19
:19 39:6
non-profit19:15
:24
North35:5
Nos43:2
notably62:10
note42:9
noted7:10 15:16
notes24:3 26:8
:19 67:6
notice26:25 27:2
:14
number30:7
:22
Nutter18:10 20:9
O
objections67:4
obligation24:8
:23
observance10:17
occasion35:13
:5
Occupancy36:14
October10:10
:5 20:3 31:10
:7,7 53:21
:2,3 65:15,21
OEO9:19
offer24:25 26:17
:25 33:8 36:8
:25 37:22
offers62:19
office11:4 16:5
:16 62:16
officers38:13
Oh1:15 8:8 11:6
:13 37:20,21
:12,13 56:9
:10 58:15,16
:10
Oh's61:9
one-tenth9:9,11
ongoing64:8
online16:21,21
operating40:15
:22
opportunities
:8 18:17 19:5
:14 53:25
:15,23,24
opportunity
:14 16:6 59:7
:20
opposed5:24
:25 45:22
:2 48:6 49:5
:6 51:9 52:14
:15 54:18
:19 56:20
:24 66:2
order2:10 5:6 6:5
:12 21:10
:13
ordinance23:6,8
:13,15,19
:24 26:21
:4,15 30:19
:14 34:10,25
:11 38:2 40:9
:16
organized10:23
organizers11:10
outside18:20
outstanding
:18
oversee34:19
:24
owned11:9
owners19:17
ownership29:10
Owner-Occupa...
:7,12
O'Brien1:15
:23,25 32:6
:7,9,10 62:3
:5
o'clock60:19
O'Neill1:16 2:15
:15,16 36:6,7
P
P21:25
PA11:20
Palminteri37:14
:10
Parade37:15
:11
parents62:10
Parks35:11 56:3
Parkside35:4
part58:12 59:17
participate20:14
participating
:8
participation
:21
partner60:18
:5
passage25:14
:20 28:11
:11 31:21
:21 35:16
:18 39:4
:14,21,25
:9,16 44:23
:5 58:6
passed22:24
passing22:7
path18:15
Paulette59:24
pay24:9 40:24
payable24:10
:25
penalties33:19
Pennsylvania1:6



:15 16:3,14
:20 45:8
:11,12
people20:6 35:10
:25 59:4
:18
perceived29:21
percent9:7,9,12
:21
perfect9:23
perform59:3
performing61:13
perished32:17
:4
permit41:14
person22:3
personally20:13
:10
persons33:22
pharmaceuticals
:25
Philadelphia1:2
:6 4:10 7:25
:12,14 9:22
:13 11:8,10
:22,23,24
:19,25 13:8
:14 14:2,6,14
:20 15:25
:4,7 18:7,11
:8 22:22
:22,22 24:2,9
:11 26:3,4,7
:23 27:10,17
:24 28:8 29:6
:17 30:4,20
:11 33:15
:13,16 35:20
:12,13,15
:10,15 38:5,6
:7 40:7,12,12
:16,18,24
:8 46:7,14
:12,18 49:16
:15,22 51:18
:3,22 56:6
:6,11 59:8
:20 61:23
:17
Philadelphia's
:15 10:7 32:13
:11 38:25
:24 56:2
Philly13:19
phone59:2
PIDC62:16
piece64:10
pieces27:14 28:4
:10 47:15
:18
place13:21
placed42:5,13
planned21:4
planning34:18,20
:22,24
please2:7,17 8:4
:19 40:3 44:2
:25 47:7
:14 59:6
pleased22:22
pleasurable7:19
PM36:15
podium8:5 43:20
:22
Point30:6
portion30:6
ports13:12
possession29:18
:21,25
post64:3
potential63:22
power19:19
powers39:9
practices18:14
:23
pray3:8,11 4:3
prescribing38:11
prescription
:18,21 62:9
present1:9 7:24
:4
presentation
:21
presentations7:1
:1 9:1 10:1
:1 12:1 13:1
:1 15:1 16:1
:1 18:1 19:1
:1 21:1,23
presented14:14
President1:10
:2,5 4:25 5:4
:12,16,23 6:2,9
:12,17,20,25
:4,7 10:15
:23 15:3
:10,10,25
:15,18,21
:11,20 24:13
:17,18,25
:3,12,18,20
:12,17,19
:5,18 28:9,15
:17,22,24
:13,23 30:9
:15,17,25
:7,19 32:3,8,9
:19,25 33:3,8
:12,23 34:5,8
:23 35:6,15
:3,8,9,20,25
:3,16,22,24
:16 39:2,12
:22,25 40:5
:7,12,17,24
:3,23 43:6
:11,12 45:11
:14,17,21,24
:15,18,21,25
:4,19,25 48:5
:8,17,21,24
:4,7,19,23,25
:5,8,23 51:4,8
:11 52:2,5,9
:13,16 53:5
:10,14,17
:7,10,13,17
:20 55:8,11
:14,18,21
:8,11,15,19
:22 57:13,16
:19,23 58:2,7
:8,17 59:10
:21 61:2,3,8
:16 62:24,25
:6,21 65:7,14
:18,25 66:4
President-elect
:23
pretty22:6
priorities64:12
private19:14,24
privileged24:25
:5 31:6,9 32:7
:11 34:6 35:8
:25 37:5
prizes59:6
procedure51:20
proceedings67:4
process9:15
:20 64:25
proclaimed10:16
produced9:5
professional
:20
program17:2
:9 29:12
programs16:24
:3,5
progress12:10
:16
prohibiting29:18
projects23:11,17
promised3:6
promote11:9
proper62:12
properly5:18
:19 45:18
:22 48:2,25
:17 50:2 51:5
:10 53:11
:14 55:15
:16 57:20
Properties29:8
property27:9,23
:11 36:16
:6 47:11
:14
proposal34:13
proposed60:24
proposing34:15
:19 39:6
prosperity18:3
provide19:3
:13 33:19
:22 39:8
:24 64:2
provides14:7
:21
providing10:10
:11 38:3
:19 65:4
public19:14,24
:9,23 43:1,10
:11 44:10
:5 47:10
:13 61:10
:16 64:21
:15
publicly63:8
publish38:13
purchasing9:5,15
pure3:23
purpose38:11
:19
putting20:6
p.m60:2 62:8
Q
Qayyum11:14
qualified34:12
:4
quarrels3:19
questions38:12
quickly59:21
Quinones-Sanc...
:16 8:7 30:13
:21 48:19
:4
quorum2:6
R
racks38:24
rail2:8 13:13
raised62:4
raising18:21



ranked13:8
rapid13:3
read22:19 40:3
:7,25 47:7
:14
reading41:14,21
:1,5,13,14,17
:20,25 44:1
:23 45:1 46:1
:1 48:1 49:1
:1 51:1 52:1
:1 54:1 55:1
:1 57:1
ready18:4
reaffirm20:5
really7:16 59:13
reason61:18
reasonably29:21
Rec35:14 56:6
received49:17
:24
Reception13:21
:23 19:6
recognition18:6
:16 54:3
recognize8:11
:18 48:15
recognized64:11
recognizes2:12
:9 6:7,14,23
:23 14:4,24
:22 25:15
:14 28:12,19
:12 31:3,22
:22 33:5 34:2
:5,22 37:19
:18 41:9
:18 45:12
:16 47:20
:18 49:20
:24 52:3 53:6
:8 55:9 56:9
:14 58:14
:16,18 61:5
:3 65:11
recognizing7:24
:6 25:6 31:10
:12 52:22
:21 54:24
recommendation
:24 41:6
recommendatio...
:24
record59:2
recording59:5
Recreation35:12
:3
red44:2 60:11
redevelopment
:11,25 30:3,4
:5 46:7 47:12
:15
referred26:13
:6 29:14,24
:2 33:24
:24 35:7 36:4
:21 38:17
:14 40:8
refinance24:7
refinancing23:24
:5
reflect19:17
reforms64:15
:3
refuse59:11
regarding26:25
region12:3
regional10:22
regular7:12
Regulation33:16
rejoice3:13
related51:23
relates64:22
relating23:24
:5 34:16
:21 40:14
relationships19:4
released12:13
releasing63:8
remarks14:25
:19 43:25
:3,5
remind62:5
renew27:4
renewal30:5,6
renovated13:4
rent26:24,25
repeat15:17
report39:19 40:4
:21 63:9,18
:18,23
reported42:10
:15
reporter67:24
reporting51:22
reports39:1,17
:23 40:1 41:1
:3 42:7 64:7
represented
:12
reproduction
:21
republicans6:18
request6:10,25
:18
requesting38:20
requests6:6,18
:14
require44:17
required12:16
:23
requiring26:24
:22
Reserve19:9
Residential29:8
residents21:5
resolution7:24
:4 14:13
:10 25:2,6,13
:8,19,22
:10,23 30:2
:10 31:6,10
:20 32:7,12
:20 34:14
:9,19 36:4
:2,6,17 38:19
:3,6,13 43:16
:3,15,25 46:4
:19 47:5,9
:11 49:10
:9,12 51:2
:21 53:8,18
:20 54:11,21
:23 55:12,22
:24 56:13,23
:25 57:17
:3
resolutions7:3
:21 26:18
:16 33:2 34:6
:23 39:16
:20,23 43:4,9
:22 52:20
:6
resolved13:25
:12
resource21:12
resources14:8
:23 18:16
:4 64:12,13
:4
respect51:24
respectfully38:19
:3
respond59:12
response5:25
:2 45:23 47:3
:7 49:6 50:7
:10 52:15
:16 54:19
:20 56:21
:25 66:3
responsibilities
:8
retire2:8
retirement25:7
:23
returns41:4
revising23:11,17
Reynolds1:17
:12 33:6
:20 61:6
:12
ridership38:25
right44:13
rise2:17,18 13:11
Rising30:23
Rivera48:13,15
Road30:24,24,24
Room1:6 13:23
:6
RPR-Notary
:15
Rule34:16 35:20
:6 39:7
rules41:13,19
:11 44:17
S
Sachs16:19
safety29:17 51:18
:16 64:21
sailors32:17 55:4
Saks16:17,18
Salapek25:7
:22
sale29:18
SANCHEZ12:24
:14 47:22
:20 63:5
Saturday62:7
scales17:13
School40:15
:15
Scott20:17
sea17:19
seat2:9
seats16:25
second8:23 42:14
:20,24 44:23
:6
seconded5:15,18
:16,19 45:16
:18 46:20,22
:24 48:2,23
:25 49:24
:2 51:3,5 52:8
:10 53:9,11
:12,14 55:13
:15 56:14,16
:18,20 65:17
:20
secondly62:14
seconds43:24
Secretary49:12



:18
sectors19:15,25
see3:22 19:13
:15
seek62:11
Send4:8
sent2:23
sentiments14:16
September1:7
:8,14,19 10:9
:22 14:5 20:3
:23,25 58:23
:19 62:7
Sergeants-of-A...
:15
series24:5,5
:10,10 40:21
servants4:9
serve4:15 18:25
Service23:20
:10,11 26:2
:11,25 41:2
Services16:17
session22:25
:15 43:11,11
set34:13
Seventh47:17
share2:23
shelter25:10
:25
shift12:15
Shipyard62:19
show3:5
showcasing18:14
sick3:2
sign43:17
signal35:3
signed22:23
silence21:25 22:8
:10
simple27:13 28:3
:9 47:14
:17
simply58:25
sincere14:16
sir59:12
sisters3:11
sites64:22
situate27:16 28:6
:12 47:17
:20
six23:9
sixth62:15
small11:3 60:16
:17
son2:20,24 4:5,22
sorry16:18 31:23
:10
sound22:4
soup25:9 52:25
sources23:12,18
South60:21
speak43:14,23
speakers44:10
speaking43:15
special20:8 38:10
:15 63:7
specifying29:8
speeches58:1,12
:1,17 60:1
:1 62:1 63:1
:1 65:9
spending63:14
spirit2:21 4:22
sponsored14:19
sponsors16:9,13
:25
Squilla1:17 36:23
:24 50:24,25
:12,14,15
St25:9 52:24
stable13:6
stakeholders
:10
stand5:20 8:11
:11,20 20:24
:14,20
standards36:19
started11:7
state60:11,11,12
:24
Stated1:3 3:1 4:1
:1 6:1 7:1 8:1
:1 10:1 11:1
:1 13:1 14:1
:1 16:1 17:1
:1 19:1 20:1
:1 22:1 23:1
:1 25:1 26:1
:1 28:1 29:1
:1 31:1 32:1
:1 34:1 35:1
:1 37:1 38:1
:1 40:1 41:1
:1 43:1 44:1
:1 46:1 47:1
:1 49:1 50:1
:1 52:1 53:1
:1 55:1 56:1
:1 58:1 59:1
:1 61:1 62:1
:1 64:1 65:1
:1,7
States10:15,24
:3 13:10
stenographic67:6
Steven20:17
stock13:6
story32:14,16
:2,4
street19:11 30:8
:8 35:5 48:12
:13,13 60:21
strengthen4:12
strife3:19
strong14:15
structure17:10
students31:15
:2
student-run
:13
studio59:5
study12:13 17:14
Subcode36:15
submission34:11
:3
submit58:23
submitting23:4
subsequently
:18
substantially
:20
success18:15
:5
successes18:13
successful21:11
sufficient29:9
Sun30:23
supervision67:23
support10:21
:16 15:12
:10 21:7,9
:7
supported14:19
supporting10:4
supports14:2
sure9:23 15:20
suspended41:13
:20
suspension42:11
sustainability
:10
synergetic63:19
system13:6,13
systems22:4
T
table43:18
Tabor30:24
take3:17 13:16
:12
taken2:9 67:6
takes13:21
talent61:9
talented58:19
talk8:16 21:3
talking18:19
tank12:14
Tasco6:11 30:16
task63:19 64:3,4
:20
Tax29:6
taxi38:22,23
tell15:9 44:13
Temple16:14
Tenant26:24
tenants26:25
:3
Tenth36:17
terms24:12 64:21
tested61:24
testify44:16
testing62:2
thank5:2,5,5,11
:17 6:8,13,16
:21,24 7:5,6,8
:9,13,21 8:21
:2,6 20:9,19
:25 21:13,16
:22 22:12,18
:14,19,24
:4,17,21
:16,20 28:14
:18,21,25
:14,18 31:8
:10,24 33:4,7
:13 34:4,9
:7,10,24 37:4
:21,25 39:13
:21 40:2 41:8
:11,18 42:22
:7 44:18
:13 46:17
:22 48:20
:22 52:4 54:9
:10 56:10
:15 58:9,16
:9,11,20 61:2
:4,7 62:24
:2,5,11 65:6,8
:13,19 66:6
thanks59:4
theme8:14 12:5
:5
thereon27:15
:5 46:11
:16 50:19
thing60:4
things9:18
think12:14 64:17
third8:25 13:8
Thirty-First
:20
Thirty-Ninth
:21



Thirty-Seventh
:13 47:17
thoroughly49:13
three8:18 9:16
:4 62:17
Thursday1:7 5:7
:13,19 65:15
:21
time6:22,25 7:11
:16,22 20:16
:20 43:14,23
:6,21 58:11
:5
times4:14
tipped17:13
title27:13 28:3
:15 36:12
:2 46:9 47:8
:14 50:17
:15 60:16
today2:14 7:3,14
:19 8:11 9:20
:18 32:7 33:2
:6 43:2,17
:14,15
today's9:19
:13 35:16
:17 64:23
tonight59:22,25
tour62:22
tourism13:11
toy29:19
Trade38:9 39:10
trades63:13
traffic35:3
trajectory14:9
transcript67:8,21
true32:14 55:2
:7
truly15:13
trying32:5
Tuesday60:18
turns43:23,24,25
Twenty-Fifth
:20
Twenty-Ninth
:6
two26:18 28:22
:5,6 37:22
:21 61:15
U
ultimately64:11
underserved
:25
unfortunate3:2
United10:15,24
:2 13:9
University12:14
:13,14,15
untimely22:7
urban30:5,6
urging45:4
use29:18
USS32:17 55:5
V
various9:5 12:4
:8
Venango48:12
venture61:9
Veterans45:6,10
video58:25
Vietnam32:15,18
:3,6
viewers62:6
vigilance18:22
vision17:19
visit7:18
visitors2:7,17
volunteer25:8
:24
voted38:12
voting7:2
voyage37:12 57:8
W
W1:11 8:24
:17 18:9
want15:16,20
:8,24 21:2
:5 63:10
wanted58:17
War32:15,18
:3,6
Ward27:16
Wards28:7 46:13
:18 50:21
water16:15 19:10
:24,24 62:2
way44:13 48:14
:12
ways15:19
weak3:2
website58:24
week8:2,13 10:8
:17 11:7,11
:18 12:2,8
:14,19,20
:7,14 15:10
:4 18:8,18
:2 20:14 21:7
:6,9 57:2,5
:23 60:8
:15
week's27:19
:10 30:10
:20 39:3 52:6
welcome29:3
West48:12
Westford30:24
we'll24:20 62:20
we're2:9 21:7,8,9
:9
we've15:12,18
wheelchair38:23
WILLIAM1:12
willing18:4
Wilson1:11 8:24
:13 17:17
:10
win59:3
withdrawn52:7
:18
witness7:15 44:8
women17:11
Women's11:13
women-owned
:14 17:21
wonderful15:8,8
Woodland45:7
work4:10 20:7
:12 54:24
:8,18
worked22:3,4
workers12:17
working9:17
:24 64:4
workshop60:17
workshops12:4
:9
world2:24 37:13
:9 60:13
:13
www.phllive.org
:24
Y
Yard19:7
year8:14 12:23
:10 17:5
:18 20:14
:16 61:11,20
:16
years15:13,18
:14 21:8 23:9
:8 52:23
year's12:5
yellow43:24
Z
zoning30:20,21
:20 35:24
$
$1,00059:3

33:15
-210033:18
-80029:16
:17
:0062:7 65:16
:22
:401:7
22:25
:3566:8
61:20
37:8 57:3
0001-A43:3
:15 52:7,17
0144-A23:7
0145-A23:14
051523:2
051623:3
060940:8 41:15
:21
067143:2 45:2
:25
070043:2 46:3
:5
070243:2 47:8
:9
070343:3 48:10
:8
070443:3 49:9
:9
070743:3 50:11
:12
61:20
-5009:3,19
th5:8,14,19
22:23 23:7,14
-390029:5
8310:15
8411:8

nd42:1 44:1
:1 46:1 47:1
:1 49:1 50:1
:1 52:1 53:1
:1 55:1 56:1
:1 65:15,21
.161:20
:0062:8
16:9 17:4
060:20
1061:16
141:7 5:8,14,19
:10 12:8
:19,20 14:5
:9 19:2,17
:23 23:2,7,14
:10 37:8,14
:21 57:3,10
:16,21



1523:10,16
:16
2023:10
2530:8
61:22
1:7 25:8 52:23
th62:7
9:21
th10:9 13:22
:4 20:3

15:13 21:8
:24
th7:24 8:11
:6 11:18 18:6
:23 60:19
038:21
17:13
0045:7

6:12
th10:9 14:5 20:3
01:6

th48:12
:3060:2
th35:5
61:24

7:7 57:2 60:19
,00059:4

th48:13 60:21
:3060:2
32:15,16 55:2,4

:0013:22

-80026:22
/25/143:1 4:1
:1 6:1 7:1 8:1
:1 10:1 11:1
:1 13:1 14:1
:1 16:1 17:1
:1 19:1 20:1
:1 22:1 23:1
:1 25:1 26:1
:1 28:1 29:1
:1 31:1 32:1
:1 34:1 35:1
:1 37:1 38:1
:1 40:1 41:1
:1 43:1 44:1
:1 46:1 47:1
:1 49:1 50:1
:1 52:1 53:1
:1 55:1 56:1
:1 58:1 59:1
:1 61:1 62:1
:1 64:1 65:1
:1
